
# Where to find quest serial number print and controllers

https://youtu.be/Q5seSDNurYE


# Configure head set.

- Step 1: 
- Put the company Quest id on the box near the serial idea of the box
- Put the company Quest id on the cardboard box near the qr code on the corner
- Put the company Quest id on the Quest
- Start the Quest
- Next Next Next
- Put the Wifi password of the wifi you are going to use most of the time to control and interact with the Quest locally
- While the mandatory tutorial is play with the headset on your forehead
  - Put short id or code color that are sync small but visible on the Quest and the controller to avoid workshop mess.l
- Let's the Quest update while you do the others.

- Step 2: Pair device with the phone
  - Web browser on computer part
    - _Skip All if you already have an meta account provided_
    - Create an account with an organisation on Meta.com
    - Create an organization in the account to be able to be developer
    - Add authentification on your account: Double Auth with Phone or MasterCard
    - Now that you should be developer on this account, Go back to the phone 
  - Phone part:
    - Install Oculus Application on the Quest
    - Connect to the same wifi of the Quest for phone-quest communication after pairing
    - Activate Bluetooth on the phone for pairing
    - Connect on the app with the meta account you created or the one that was provided.
    - Look in the menu device(s) a plus (+) or add device button.
    - It required to write a pair number that is currently display in your headset if you did previous steps. 
    - Add it and wait until it is sync (3-40 seconds)
    - When it is pair don't lose the menu to avoid searching for the Quest in the list of device.
    - Say ok to the "It is pair!" message
    - Click on the button connect of the device (because sometime it lose immediately the connection)
    - Go down in the menu of the device for the option "Developer mode"
    - Switch to true (blue) the toggle of developer mode.
    - Restart the Quest :)
   
 - Step 3: Identiffication and SideLoading
   - [[ To Do later ]] Install SideQuest and run adb from side quest to recovert the serial number and the adb id of the Quest.


- Step 3.A: ArborXR
  - _If ArborXR delete the free plan skip this part_ 
  - Create an ArborXR account on the website
  - Download the ArborXR Setup App
  - Plug an USB connection between the Quest and the Computer
  - Several message should appear that request permission. One allows the PC to do what he want with ADB
  - If you don't have those messsage, unplug and plug the cable. Sill nothing? Are you sure you device is in developer mode, go check on the phone you pair the devive to.
  -  Go in the menu of ArborXR and check for device to setup
  -  In this menu you should see one headset (several if you connect several)
  -  Setup all the device. And help the software to process menu in the Headset.
    - What I means is that in mine as Oculus Link is on my computer the menu was blocking the process of adding the device. (For example)
  - If a device don't setup, put it on the side and go check that it is developer mode on.
    - You can go on the phone and check them all at once in the menu one by one.  


# List of gear to manage a flycase or an workshop with 12 quest

- Black PLA for 3D print some gear to clip on the Quest.
- DYMO that print ticket with barcode or/and QR code
- DYMO that print label for cables
- 24 rechargable batteries
- 1 charger for recharble batteries
- 1-2 hub usb for 12 entry on the PC
- Low Cost phone Android to controle Quest from the App
- Usb Hub to charge phone and devices that are around the  Quest
- 2 dominos of 6 pour les quest, une long power cable and 2 dominos classic
- / 1 low cost laptop to manage the Quests and display quest screen to participant
- / 1 Arduino Leonardo to control the quest shutdown
- / 1 raspberry pi zero to create an auto launcher of adb
- / NFC sticker [Example](https://www.amazon.com.be/YIQINGLTD-adhésifs-ISO14443A-Aluminium-imperméables/dp/B07NT7P1YG/ref=sr_1_22?crid=1U1P0SZ9P5E7H&keywords=nfc+stickers&qid=1672402669&sprefix=nfc+stickers%2Caps%2C70&sr=8-22) 
- 


