
# Kids day !!!

> "Not plan survive to the war."

The goal was to make application be test by 17 kids

I prepared several games on several headset that I put to location in the room (that is too small).

What I did not expect:
- Need to reconfigure the guardian before the event take time.
- Kids reset, destroy or accidently remake the guardiant... Breaking the order
- Some application need the controller to launch when I hided the controller to avoid the kids to play around.
- Kids speak dutch and some a bit of french.

What I did not expect because I am not use to kids:
- They grape all headset in the room. Event those not setup and put far way.
- Kids don't listen so most of the controller was not use with the string protection
- kids put the controller anywhere so an other kid take it and you finish with a mess of kids that complain that the game don't work (because they don't have the good controller.
- Fixing a issue with VR headset take 2-5 minutes... Too long when you have 12 kids randomly running around.


What did not expect of teacher: 
- They did not try to help... I was expecting that but I must insiste the next time by giving them role



The story:
8/13 headsets were configure when the kids arrived. Because I underestimate the size of the room and the fact that all headset need to be reconfigured.
When the kids arrived it became quickly the mess. They don't speak french. They pick the headset randomly then move away of the zone. 
When they don't see controller they try to take randmly the one they see. Making the randomly sort around the room.

Some application need the controller to be useed like jurassic park. As i did not see that the one on this application start to fetch random controller around and so the one that were not them.
As they moved they are not in the guardian anymore. Meaning that the guardian need to be reset and they need help to do so...


Yeah... That was total war and it finishs with kids running around with the AR of the menu. On the head.

If I have to restart with Kids:
- Put only seat application and color heavily the controller and headset
- Put  mark on the ground that represent the headset color
- For headset that can be move us an app that don't need controller in AR and that is play in all the space.






-----------------------------------------------


